our services  sections 
1. vdi 
 Virtualized Desktop infrastructure 
  Secure Endpoint and Custom Data Center Solutions
2. remote work solutions
Remote work and  & virtual desktop Packages .
3. cdi
Centralized desktop infrastructure 
Secure Endpoint and Custom Data Center Solutions
4. cvdi 
centralized and virtualized desktop infrastructure 
5. Zero Trust Architecture 
Understanding the Endpoints Role int the Zero trust 



 why choose volt colud section 
 In leftside once form is place and right side 6 box are place and each box have some unique content 
  -- rightside box column main 

  1. Centralized Management:

Simplified IT management by centralizing desktops on servers.
Easier updates and maintenance as changes are made on the server side.
2. Security:

Data is stored on the server, reducing the risk of data loss from stolen or damaged devices.
Centralized control over security policies and data access.
3. Scalability:

Easily add or remove desktops as needed.
Ideal for organizations with fluctuating workforce sizes.
4.Cost Efficiency:

Reduces the need for high-end hardware on the client side.
Potentially lowers operational costs through centralized management and reduced downtime.
 
 5. Best services guarantee
 At VoltCloud, we guarantee the best services with cutting-edge cloud solutions, ensuring unmatched reliability, performance, and security for all your business needs.

6. Flexible payment plans 
VoltCloud offers flexible payment plans tailored to your business, ensuring you get the best cloud services without breaking your budget.


//refrance website link  
1. https://cloudshope.com/#/
2. https://www.vultr.com/
3. https://clearcube.com/centralized-desktop-infrastructure-cdi/



//why voltcloud  
Voltcloud specialises in GPU-accelerated VDI and offers hosted cloud
services from two hosted data centre locations (India, Europe and North America)Product flagships include heavy-duty Cloud Workstations (Desktop-as-aService) and App-streaming (Application-as-a-Service) from one single and
unified platform.
Private GPU Cloud by VoltCloud brings its cutting-edge GPU-powered
technology, cloud optimisation expertise and hardware flexibility in an onpremises package for high computing needs. Organisations will benefit from
guaranteed performance, exceptional user experience, cost optimisation,
speed in IT transformation and greater security

 1. traditional VDI img
 2. cloud computing img




 //our products section  
 1. C-75 aero client products 
  zero client C75 is a specialized solution for accessing
Windows Multipoint Server™, Userful Multiseat™ linux and
Monitors Anywhere. Without local operating system and storage, C75 presents server desktop and applications perfectly to users
once it is powered on and connected to the server.


Specialized zero client
Excellent accessing device specially designed for Windows MultiPoint Server™, Userful MultiSeat™ Linux and Monitors anywhere. 02 Low cost solution
Low price, low power consumption and no maintenance guarantee the low cost. 03 High performance
Full-HD multimedia and good quality


2. C-71 Zero client 
zero client C71 is a specialized for PCoIP solution, through
which you can achieve unified management of high-end graphics
workstation designed to render 3D graphic solutions with the PCOIP
host card

Specialized for PCOIP solution
Excellent performance in 3D graphics,by working and interacting with host card in
server
02 High performance
Support 1920x1200 high resolution based on the high performance graphic engine
and pixel processing core


//industries dropdown
Government Agencies:
Local, state, and federal bodies, including the Corps of Engineers.

Defense:
Armed forces, Department of Defense, national security, and private contractors.

Manufacturing:
Stock management, logistics, factory operations, and industrial environments.

Training & Education:
Educational institutions, higher learning, continuing education, and educational centers.

Contact Centers & BPOs:
Customer service stations, supervisors, workforce administration, scheduling, and quality assurance.

Command & Control Centers:
Strategic operations centers, command posts, and critical operations facilities.

Architecture, Engineering, and Construction:
Confidential information, intellectual property, architectural design, construction, technology, and engineering.

Retail & Commercial:
Solutions for small to medium enterprises and large corporations.

Financial Services:
Investment firms, banks, law offices, and insurance companies.

Media & Entertainment:
Broadcast stations, publishing houses, and film production studios.
